Adapt NGINX so it can be customized (#117)
bitnami/bitnami-docker-nginx: README.md

You can configure the containers [logging driver](https://docs.docker.com/engine/admin/logging/overview/) using the `--log-driver` option if you wish to consume the container logs differently. In the default configuration docker uses the `json-file` driver.

> # Understand this image structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Understand the structure of this image
```

The Bitnami NGINX Docker image is built using a Dockerfile with the structure below:

```Dockerfile
FROM bitnami/minideb-extras-base
...
# Install required system packages and dependencies
RUN install_packages xxx yyy zzz
RUN . ./libcomponent.sh && component_unpack "nginx" "a.b.c-0"
...
COPY rootfs /
RUN /prepare.sh
...
ENV BITNAMI_APP_NAME="nginx" ...
EXPOSE 8080 8443
VOLUME /app
VOLUME /certs
WORKDIR /app
USER 1001
...
ENTRYPOINT [ "/entrypoint.sh" ]
CMD [ "/run.sh" ]
```

We can identify several sections within the Dockerfile:

> - A section where all the required components are installed.

Reviewer: We can improve this wording a bit, e.g.:

We can identify several sections within the Dockerfile:

- Component installation
- Component static configuration
- Environment variables
(...)

Author: Thanks for the feedback. I'd try to apply sth like that.

- A section where all the components are statically configured.
- A section where the env. variables, the ports to be exposed, the working directory and the user are defined.
  - Note that once the user is set to 1001, unprivileged commands cannot be executed anymore.
- A section where the entrypoint and command used to start the service are declared.
  - Take into account these actions are not executed until the container is started.

> # Customizing Bitnami NGINX Docker Image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Customizing the Bitnami NGINX Docker image
```

The Bitnami NGINX Docker image is designed to be extended so it can be used as the base image for your custom web applications.

> Note: It's recommended to read the [previous section](./#understand-this-image-structure) to understand the Dockerfile structure, before extending this image.

> ## Extending the Bitnami NGINX Docker Image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Extending the Bitnami NGINX Docker image
```

Before extending this image, please note there are certain configuration settings you can modify using the original image:

- Settings that can be adapted using environment variables. For instance, you can change the port used by NGINX for HTTP setting the environment variable `NGINX_HTTP_PORT_NUMBER`.

> - [Adding custom server blocks](./#adding-custom-server-blocks).

Reviewer: Do the links work? My understanding is they should be in the format of `#section`, not `./#section`.

Author: Fixing it on next commit.

- [Replacing the 'nginx.conf' file](./#full-configuration).
- [Using custom SSL certificates](./#using-custom-ssl-certificates).

If your desired customizations cannot be covered using the methods mentioned above, extend the image. To do so, create your own image using a Dockerfile with the format below:

```Dockerfile
FROM bitnami/nginx
## Put your customizations below
...
```

> On this example, we provide an extended wit the following modifications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we provide an extended with the following modifications:
```

- Install `vim` editor.

> - Modify the NGINX configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Modify the NGINX configuration file.
```

- Modify the ports used by NGINX.

> - Modify the container user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change the user that runs the container.
```

```Dockerfile
FROM bitnami/nginx
LABEL maintainer "Bitnami <containers@bitnami.com>"

## Install 'vim'
USER 0 # Required to perform privileged actions
RUN install_packages vim

## Modify 'worker_connections' on NGINX config file to '512'
RUN sed -i -r "s#(\s+)worker_connections(\s+)[0-9]+;#\1worker_connections\2512;#g" /opt/bitnami/nginx/conf/nginx.conf

## Modify the ports used by NGINX by default

> ENV NGINX_HTTP_PORT_NUMBER=8181

Reviewer: We could mention that it is also possible to change this environment variable at runtime.

Before extending this image, please note there are certain configuration settings you can modify using the original image:

- Settings that can be adapted using environment variables. For instance, you can change the port used by NGINX for HTTP setting the environment variable `NGINX_HTTP_PORT_NUMBER`.
- [Adding custom server blocks](#adding-custom-server-blocks).
- [Replacing the 'nginx.conf' file](#full-configuration).
- [Using custom SSL certificates](#using-custom-ssl-certificates).

If your desired customizations cannot be covered using the methods mentioned above, extend the image. To do so, create your own image using a Dockerfile with the format below:

```Dockerfile
FROM bitnami/nginx
## Put your customizations below
...
```

In this example, we provide an extended with the following modifications:

- Install `vim` editor.
- Modify the NGINX configuration file.
- Modify the ports used by NGINX.
- Change the user that runs the container.

```Dockerfile
FROM bitnami/nginx
LABEL maintainer "Bitnami <containers@bitnami.com>"

## Install 'vim'
USER 0 # Required to perform privileged actions
RUN install_packages vim

## Modify 'worker_connections' on NGINX config file to '512'

> RUN sed -i -r "s#(\s+)worker_connections(\s+)[0-9]+;#\1worker_connections\2512;#g" /opt/bitnami/nginx/conf/nginx.conf

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
RUN sed -i -r "s#(\s+worker_connections\s+)[0-9]+;#\1512;#" /opt/bitnami/nginx/conf/nginx.conf
```

?
